Add this to your enhancements list and I'll include it in the next fix prompt:

Enhancement: Actual Balance Sync
"Add an 'Actual Balance Sync' feature to the Forecast page. This allows users to reconcile their forecasted running balance against their real bank account balance at any point.
Here's how it works:
1. Sync Button — Add a small "Sync Balance 🔄" button in the Forecast controls bar, next to the Add Entry button
2. When clicked — Open a simple modal with:

"What is your actual checking account balance today?" — number input
"As of date" — date picker (defaults to today)
A helper note: "Check your bank app or online banking for your current balance"
Cancel and Sync buttons

3. What happens when synced:

Calculate the variance: Actual Balance - Forecasted Balance for that date
If variance is $0 — show: "You're perfectly on track! No adjustment needed." ✅
If variance is positive — show: "Your actual balance is $X higher than forecasted. This could be from untracked income or lower spending than expected."
If variance is negative — show: "Your actual balance is $X lower than forecasted. This could be from untracked expenses or bills paid early."
Insert a one-time adjustment row in forecasted_transactions on that date labeled: "Balance Adjustment (Synced [date])" with the variance amount (positive or negative)
Running balance recalculates forward from that point using the actual balance as the new baseline

4. Sync history — Show a small "Last synced: [date], variance was [amount]" note below the Sync button so users can see when they last reconciled
5. Database — Add a balance_syncs table:
balance_syncs (
  id, user_id, sync_date, 
  forecasted_balance, actual_balance, 
  variance, created_at
)
6. Visual indicator — Balance Adjustment rows in the ledger should show in a distinct color (blue) with a 🔄 icon so users can clearly distinguish them from bills and income rows
This feature turns Otis from a pure forecasting tool into a living, self-correcting financial ledger that stays accurate even when real life doesn't match the plan